#labels intro
NLaunch is designed to be easily bundled with existing applications in order to provide them with autoupdating capabilities.

==Getting started==
To provide your desktop application with autoupdating capabilities just copy nlaunch.exe and nlaunch.xml to the target installation directory (this files can be both renamed but they must have the same filename)

*nlaunch.xml*
{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<nlaunch>
  <protocol>ftp</protocol>                                           (1)
  <updatesLocation>ftp://user:password@server.com/</updatesLocation> (2)
  <applicationExe>Test.App.exe</applicationExe>                      (3)
</nlaunch>
}}}

Then replace the shortcuts (start menu or desktop) to your application for references to nlaunch.exe

Thats all.

Really.

From now on, everytime that the user runs your application, the following actions will take place:

1. NLaunch checks if a new version of the application exists.
This is done by looking for all the files named after the following convention: `Test.App-1.2.3.4.zip` where the first part of the filename is derived from the name of the executable configured in the applicationExe node and the second part specifies the version contained in the zip file.
Once that the version of the last updated is gotten, it is compared with the version of the current application executable and it is decided if it needs to be updated or not.

2. If acording to the versions information an update is required, then NLaunch do the folowing:
  * downloads (or copy) the zip file containing the update to a local temp directory
  * copy the contents of the existing installation into a subdirectory called `PreviousVersion` within the application directory
  * deletes everything that does not belong to nhlaunch itself
  * unzip the downloaded zip file to the application target directory
  * restores previous application configuration (Test.App.exe.config in this case) from the PreviousVersion directory

3. The original application is launched and NLaunch ends its work.



==Configuration reference==
The configuration file must have the same file name as the NLaunch executable but with XML extension (yourapp.nlaunch.exe & yourapp.nlaunch.xml)

{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<nlaunch>
  <protocol>ftp</protocol>                                           (1)
  <updatesLocation>ftp://user:password@server.com/</updatesLocation> (2)
  <applicationExe>Test.App.exe</applicationExe>                      (3)
</nlaunch>
}}}

(1)   `protocol`: `ftp` or `local` are supported

(2)   `updatesLocation`: if protocol is ftp here goes the ftp url with the authentication credentials; if protocol is local here goes the the full path of the local folder that will contain the updates

(3)   `applicationExe`: filename of the main executable of the application.